Middleware: remove `req.ua` (#37512)
vercel/next.js: errors/middleware-user-agent.md

# Removed req.ua from Middleware API

#### Why This Error Occurred

> Your middleware is interacting with `req.ua` and it's being deprecated

Reviewer: **suggestion:** we could use something more positive than _deprecated_

```suggestion
Your middleware is interacting with `req.ua` and this feature needs to opt-in.
```

First, because deprecated seems to mean "supported but discouraged", while we're completely removing `ua` from the request.

Secondly because I fear we'll scare our beta users, while the mitigation is very easy.
